# COM 421, Software Engineering
### Practice Task #1, Git Basics

#### Requirements

1. Unpack files from the following [archive](https://goo.gl/I23vXP).

2. Create an empty directory `task_01`.

3. Go into the newly created directory.

4. Initialize a new Git repository.

The archive contains sources for a string class written in C, its test
specifications, and a build file. Try to maintain a repository for the project
from the archive. Imagine that you are working on the class from the beginning.
Start by creating a Readme file with a class description. Set a `.gitignore`
file with patterns for object files generated by a C compiler. Add a test
specification file with unit test cases for class functions. Create a skeleton
of a string class from the specification file with functions without
implementation. Add implementation for each function one by one. Test each
function by compiling and running test cases from the spec. Add each major
(logically finished) part of your work to the repository history. Tag the final
version of your project as `v1.0`.

#### Managing Sources

* Build all sources with `make`
* Remove compiled files with `make clean`
* Run test cases `./<test spec executable name>`

#### Essential Git Commands

* `git init`
* `git clone`
* `git add`
* `git status`
* `git commit`
* `git log`
* `git tag`
* `git push`

#### Submitting Your Work

Make sure that you commit history is in order by calling the `git log` command.

1. Login into your account at `auca.xyz`.

2. Create an empty directory `task_01.git`.

3. Initialize an empty bare repository.

4. Link the repository in `task_01` on your local machine to `task_01.git` on
   the server.

5. Push you local changes to the server.

6. Check the history of the `task_01.git` repository on the server.

7. Check that you can clone `task_01.git` to your local machine. Clone into a
   directory under the name `task_01_clone_test`.

